Final touches to pages (#226)
MystenLabs/suins-contracts: documentation/pages/move-registry/tooling/typescript-sdk.mdx

The MVR plugin is exported directly from the `@mysten/sui` package. To enable the plugin, register it either globally or per PTB in your dApp.

### Endpoints

> MystenLabs provides a public good endpoint compatible with the MVR plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mysten Labs provides public good endpoints compatible with the MVR plugin.
```
